This is the text for my youtube ( http://youtu.be/Bq2zdajnak8 )video:

Hello. My name is Chris Minich; I live in St. Louis, Missouri, and the name of my project
is ROBOTS.

According to Wikipedia, the original game was developed by 
Ken Arnold, for BSD Unix, at least 30 years ago. I have played a version on Linux which is
known as Gnome Robots. It runs in a window, and you can use a mouse.

So, I wanted to see if I could implement it, and my version runs in a terminal window, using 
just the keyboard. I didn't look at anybody else's source code; I wrote it from scratch.

In the game you are represented by the letter H: for human.  All of the AT symbols are robots, 
and they all want to kill you.

Every time you move one step, every robot moves 1 step towards you.

But here's the thing:
You cannot actually move into a robot.

If your move would allow a robot to catch you, then you're stuck.

It's like when you are checkmated in chess. You aren't allowed to put the king on a square
where he can be captured.

So...
When this happens, you only have one option:
you have to teleport to a new, random, location.

On the first level, you don't have any SAFE TELEPORTs because you have to earn them. 
With a SAFE TELEPORT, you will always land in an empty square.

When you don't have any of those, then, you TELEPORT completely randomly, and you may 
land on top of a robot, which kills you.

Another aspect of the game are mines:

When robots collide with each other, they form mines. In the original game, they were
called scrap heaps, but I call the array that stores their locations, mines.

Now, the human cannot actually run into a mine, but the robots can, and they die
when they run into one.

Also: the robots cannot avoid the mines. They always move towards the human,
even when there are mines in the way.

Now
you can actually hide behind mines for protection from the robots.
When you are sure that you are SAFE, just press the S, or safety, key.

After you press S, you are done moving, but the remaining robots keep coming at you.

If all of these robots all die, you earn 1 safe teleport for each,
and you PROCEED to the next level, where there are even more robots to chase after you.

However,
If you were wrong, though, and a robot catches you, then you die and the game is over.

After you make it through 11 levels, you win!












